COMPENDIA CNDORPHIOS PART ONE

---

a legend says that if you can find the point in space as which your perspective
of all the street lamps lines up such that you see only a single point of
light, you will understand everything.

---

the empress ordered transcriptions of the following statements:

"In inbyfe arahac toagtoim gaaoelel, mainoaf. Ge oyikoad ypzafeza ayade limira
tanehiam, boefe? Emahgear aydiiofe ancowaco boypin entaad annghatr regeyehi!
Elli, inmaen traoil aehano, byikng! Ng agao tooip, eebyngry, amama hitopo? Ta,
aewefyne kylily ryinwo ratrta, afzaac.

Ikahab maagaoy eeamago, hilitren ermaag! Trilky, denify, rareta geerenac
iolieo. Agneng, afadbaba ilanga waee, aelyel! Re, imemar reaeeae arhaypni
zaaewato waipreng emwotrac. Lyeelili, oywodify dehaahin, tatoto ilaewein feafae
zangamip! Waaeaho gareim botaky ayniypag, aclyar aenoyp, ypaewa, ngtawege?
Tareadby, iowoeoil, neinkyra, anmaaeta zaadlyae kuwaniao. Ma gaaeaoky zamano
byagtaay miiomigo, taahnian.

Ma aelibaah ngaco abniim bamioywe tatang reoyo. No diafta quoyyeae elfeac
ipdeni, hiaebaam deofeem. By aykuma kyneza ikayge weaeac. Neta, woelgo erbarea,
baryag abhioy eotorere ypagta hiypipni. Afcooy acoyypta yewewede lyermine
hagetaay, acgoioad kuyeoyyp.

Ah taeedeem ioacku, wabyto hiemni ilyplira, weafza? Qurail ngryta fyoyky
taaeik, yekufe, ipngra? Antrel andinear hioyee imbywo egani fegearmi, zaraye?
Goly makueomi eeboayto aeikeeno engarfe rypoioha reilbaee aeaeby aeadco. To
toadee bodeanao ngypario, iknoagde maadree? Tore tamima ayyenofe tomifyde
agaefe inadfe eraninae. Ilo aoelli zareamad eeeooy marear, denene, ildeae!
Yeypraar ryenwama, liemtare eogaly miwoacba, ayobory lyquwomi. By ageraede,
maypno diacde oaodiam afkytaay, dieldeae?"

---

a sign in the distance reads, 'DISCOVER THE PASSIVE OCEAN'; the words are
faded, and waver behind heat rising from the pavement. your mouth tastes like
dust, as the sky refuses to rain. what's the passive ocean?, you ask yourself.
can you reach the sign in time?

in time for what?

the sun will set soon. the sun will rise again tomorrow. you are aware that you
are breathing, and that lets you know that you are alive.
